Mastodon 是了解最新动态的最佳途径。 横跨联邦宇宙关注其他人，并在一个时间顺序中查看。 没有算法、广告或诱导链接。

这是 Mastodon 官方的 Android 应用程序。 它风驰电掣般地快而且让你惊叹的美丽，拥有强大而易用的设计。 在我们的应用中，您可以：

探索新鲜事

■ 发现新的作家、记者、画家、摄影师和科学家以及更多
■ 看看世界上正在发生什么

阅读

■ 在时间顺序流中跟上你关心的人，没有打断
■ 关注标签以实时关注具体主题

创建

■ 用投票、高质量图像和视频向粉丝或整个世界发嘟
■ 与其他人一起参与有趣的对话

组织与整理

■ 创建用户列表，不错过任何帖子
■ 利用单词与短语过滤功能来控制你想看到什么

还有更多！

■ 一个美丽的主题，符合您的个性化主题色，无论明亮或黑暗
■ 分享并扫描二维码以便与其他人快速交换 Mastodon 个人资料
■ 登录并在多个账户间切换
■ 点铃铛按钮，获得特定的人发嘟时的通知
■ 禁止剧透！ You can put your posts behind content warnings

A POWERFUL PUBLISHING PLATFORM

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

A POWERFUL READING PLATFORM

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

Thanks to the chronological home feed, it’s easy to tell when you’ve caught up on all updates and can move on to something else.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. We don’t guess what you want to see, we let you control it.

PROTOCOLS, NOT PLATFORMS

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralized protocol. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

Not happy with your choice? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

天生非盈利性

Mastodon 是在美国与德国注册的非营利机构。 我们的初衷不是从平台上提取金钱价值，而是为了打造最好的给平台。

目前入驻：《时代》、《福布斯》、《连线》、The Guardian、美国有线电视新闻网、The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com，还有更多。