Mastodon est le meilleur endroit pour se tenir au courant de ce qui se passe. Suivez n'importe qui à travers le fédivers et découvrez tout dans un ordre chronologique. Pas d'algorithmes, de publicités ou de pièges à clics dans le coin.

Ceci est l'application Android officielle de Mastodon. Elle est extrêmement rapide et d'une beauté époustouflante, conçue pour être non seulement puissante, mais aussi facile d'utilisation. Dans notre application, vous pouvez :

EXPLORER

■ Découvrir de nouveaux et nouvelles écrivain·e·s, journalistes, artistes, photographes, scientifiques et plus encore
■ Voir ce qui se passe dans le monde

LIRE

■ Keep up with people you care about in a chronological feed with no interruptions
■ Follow hashtags to keep up with specific topics in real time

CREATE

■ Post to your followers or the whole world, with polls, high quality images and videos
■ Participate in interesting conversations with other people

CURATE

■ Create lists of people to never miss a post
■ Filter words or phrases to control what you do and don’t want to see

AND MORE!

■ A beautiful theme that adapts to your personalized color scheme, light or dark
■ Share and scan QR codes to quickly exchange Mastodon profiles with others
■ Login and switch between multiple accounts
■ Get notified when a specific person posts with the bell button
■ No spoilers! You can put your posts behind content warnings

A POWERFUL PUBLISHING PLATFORM

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

A POWERFUL READING PLATFORM

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

Thanks to the chronological home feed, it’s easy to tell when you’ve caught up on all updates and can move on to something else.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. We don’t guess what you want to see, we let you control it.

PROTOCOLS, ET NON PLATEFORMES

Mastodon n'est pas un média social traditionnel, il est conçu sur la base d'un protocole décentralisé. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

Not happy with your choice? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

NON-PROFIT IN NATURE

Mastodon est une organisation à but non lucratif immatriculée aux États-Unis et en Allemagne. Nous ne sommes pas motivés par des considérations monétaires, mais par ce qu'il y a de mieux pour la plateforme.

AS FEATURED IN: TIME, Forbes, Wired, The Guardian, CNN, The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com, and more.