마스토돈은 무슨 일이 일어나고 있는지를 따라잡는 최고의 방법입니다. Follow anyone across the fediverse and see it all in chronological order. No algorithms, ads, or clickbait in sight.

이것은 마스토톤의 공식 안드로이드 앱입니다. It is blazing fast and stunningly beautiful, designed to be not just powerful but also easy to use. 우리의 앱에서, 당신은 할 수 있습니다:

찾아보기

■ Discover new writers, journalists, artists, photographers, scientists and more
■ See what’s happening in the world

READ

■ Keep up with people you care about in a chronological feed with no interruptions
■ Follow hashtags to keep up with specific topics in real time

CREATE

■ Post to your followers or the whole world, with polls, high quality images and videos
■ Participate in interesting conversations with other people

CURATE

■ Create lists of people to never miss a post
■ Filter words or phrases to control what you do and don’t want to see

AND MORE!

■ A beautiful theme that adapts to your personalized color scheme, light or dark
■ Share and scan QR codes to quickly exchange Mastodon profiles with others
■ Login and switch between multiple accounts
■ Get notified when a specific person posts with the bell button
■ No spoilers! You can put your posts behind content warnings

A POWERFUL PUBLISHING PLATFORM

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

A POWERFUL READING PLATFORM

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

Thanks to the chronological home feed, it’s easy to tell when you’ve caught up on all updates and can move on to something else.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. We don’t guess what you want to see, we let you control it.

PROTOCOLS, NOT PLATFORMS

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralized protocol. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

당신의 선택이 만족스럽지 않나요? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

NON-PROFIT IN NATURE

마스토돈은 미국과 독일에 등록된 비영리 단체입니다. We are not motivated by extracting monetary value from the platform, but by what’s best for the platform.

TIME, Forbes, Wired, The Guardian, CNN, The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com 등에 소개되었습니다.