Mastodon เป็นวิธีที่ดีที่สุดที่จะติดตามสิ่งที่กำลังเกิดขึ้น ติดตามใครก็ตามทั่วทั้งจักรวาลสหพันธ์และดูจักรวาลสหพันธ์ทั้งหมดตามลำดับเวลา ไม่มีอัลกอริทึม, โฆษณา หรือคลิกเบตอยู่ในสายตา

นี่คือแอป Android อย่างเป็นทางการสำหรับ Mastodon แอปรวดเร็วมากและสวยงามอย่างน่าทึ่ง ได้รับการออกแบบให้ไม่ใช่แค่ทรงพลังแต่ยังใช้งานง่ายอีกด้วย ในแอปของเรา คุณสามารถ:

สำรวจ

■ Discover new writers, journalists, artists, photographers, scientists and more
■ See what’s happening in the world

อ่าน

■ Keep up with people you care about in a chronological feed with no interruptions
■ Follow hashtags to keep up with specific topics in real time

สร้าง

■ Post to your followers or the whole world, with polls, high quality images and videos
■ Participate in interesting conversations with other people

เรียบเรียง

■ Create lists of people to never miss a post
■ Filter words or phrases to control what you do and don’t want to see

และอื่น ๆ!

■ A beautiful theme that adapts to your personalized color scheme, light or dark
■ Share and scan QR codes to quickly exchange Mastodon profiles with others
■ Login and switch between multiple accounts
■ Get notified when a specific person posts with the bell button
■ No spoilers! You can put your posts behind content warnings

แพลตฟอร์มการเผยแพร่ที่ทรงพลัง

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

แพลตฟอร์มการอ่านที่ทรงพลัง

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

Thanks to the chronological home feed, it’s easy to tell when you’ve caught up on all updates and can move on to something else.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. We don’t guess what you want to see, we let you control it.

โปรโตคอล ไม่ใช่แพลตฟอร์ม

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralized protocol. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

Not happy with your choice? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

ไม่แสวงหาผลกำไรโดยธรรมชาติ

Mastodon is a registered non-profit in the US and Germany. We are not motivated by extracting monetary value from the platform, but by what’s best for the platform.

AS FEATURED IN: TIME, Forbes, Wired, The Guardian, CNN, The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com, and more.