Mastodon is the best way to keep up with what’s happening. Follow anyone across the fediverse and see it all in chronological order. No algorithms, ads, or clickbait in sight.

این کاره رسمی اندروید برای ماستودون است. It is blazing fast and stunningly beautiful, designed to be not just powerful but also easy to use. In our app, you can:

گشت و گذار

■ Discover new writers, journalists, artists, photographers, scientists and more
■ ببینید در دنیا چه رخ می‌دهد

خواندن

■ Keep up with people you care about in a chronological feed with no interruptions
■ Follow hashtags to keep up with specific topics in real time

ایجاد کردن

■ Post to your followers or the whole world, with polls, high quality images and videos
■ Participate in interesting conversations with other people

CURATE

■سیاهه‌ای از افراد ایجاد کنید تا هرگز فرسته‌ای را از دست ندهید
■ Filter words or phrases to control what you do and don’t want to see

و بیشتر!

■ A beautiful theme that adapts to your personalized color scheme, light or dark
■ Share and scan QR codes to quickly exchange Mastodon profiles with others
■ وارد شوید و بین چند حساب جابجا شوید
■ Get notified when a specific person posts with the bell button
■ No spoilers! You can put your posts behind content warnings

یک سکوی انتشار قدرتمند

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

یک سکوی خواندن قدرتمند

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

به لطف خوراک زمانی خانه، تشخیص اینکه چه زمانی از همه به‌روزرسانی‌ها مطلع شده‌اید و می‌توانید به چیز دیگری بروید، آسان است.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. ما حدس نمی‌زنیم که چه چیزی می‌خواهید ببینید، به شما اجازه می‌دهیم آن را کنترل کنید.

شیوه‌نامه‌ها، بدون سکوها

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralized protocol. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

از انتخاب خود خوشحال نیستید؟ You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

NON-PROFIT IN NATURE

ماستودون یک سازمان غیرانتفاعی ثبت شده در ایالات متحده و آلمان است. We are not motivated by extracting monetary value from the platform, but by what’s best for the platform.

AS FEATURED IN: TIME, Forbes, Wired, The Guardian, CNN, The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com, and more.