Mastodon er den bedste måde at holde sig ajour med, hvad der sker. Følg enhver på tværs af fediverset og se alt i kronologisk rækkefølge. Ingen algoritmer, annoncer eller clickbait i syne.

Dette er den officielle Android-app til Mastodon. Den er lynhurtigt og forbløffende smuk, designet til at være ikke blot kraftfuld, men også nem at bruge. I vores app kan man:

UDFORSKE

● Opdag nye forfattere, journalister, kunstnere, fotografer, forskere med mere
● Se, hvad der sker i verden

LÆSE

● Bliv holdt ajour med folk, man holder af, i et kronologisk feed uden afbrydelser
● Følg hashtags for at være i tråd med bestemte emner i realtid

OPRETTE

● Post til følgere eller hele verden, med meningsmålinger, højkvalitets billeder og videoer
● Deltag i interessante samtaler med andre mennesker

KURATERE

● Opret lister over personer for aldrig at gå glip af et indlæg
● Filtrér ord eller sætninger for at styre, hvad man ønsker, og ikke ønsker, at se

OG MERE!

● Et smukt tema, der tilpasser sig den personlige farvesammensætning, lys eller mørk
● Del og skan QR-koder for hurtigt at udveksle Mastodon-profiler med andre
● Log ind og skift mellem flere konti
● Få besked med klokkeknappen, når en bestemt person poster
● Ingen spoilers! Man kan placere sine indlæg bag indholdsadvarsler

A POWERFUL PUBLISHING PLATFORM

You no longer have to try and appease an opaque algorithm that decides if your friends are going to see what you posted. If they follow you, they’ll see it.

If you publish it to the open web, it’s accessible on the open web. You can safely share links to Mastodon in the knowledge that anyone will be able to read them without logging in.

Between threads, polls, high quality images, videos, audio, and content warnings, Mastodon offers plenty of ways to express yourself in a way that suits you.

A POWERFUL READING PLATFORM

We don’t need to show you ads, so we don’t need to keep you in our app. Mastodon has the richest selection of 3rd party apps and integrations so you can choose the experience that fits you best. 

Thanks to the chronological home feed, it’s easy to tell when you’ve caught up on all updates and can move on to something else.

No need to worry that a misclick will ruin your recommendations forever. We don’t guess what you want to see, we let you control it.

PROTOCOLS, NOT PLATFORMS

Mastodon is not like a traditional social media platform, but is built on a decentralized protocol. You can sign up on our official server, or choose a 3rd party to host your data and moderate your experience.

Thanks to the common protocol, no matter what you choose, you can communicate seamlessly with people on other Mastodon servers. But there’s more: With just one account, you can communicate with people from other fediverse platforms.

Not happy with your choice? You can always switch to a different Mastodon server while taking your followers with you. For advanced users, you can even host your data on your own infrastructure, since Mastodon is open-source.

NON-PROFIT IN NATURE

Mastodon is a registered non-profit in the US and Germany. We are not motivated by extracting monetary value from the platform, but by what’s best for the platform.

AS FEATURED IN: TIME, Forbes, Wired, The Guardian, CNN, The Verge, TechCrunch, Financial Times, Gizmodo, PCMAG.com, and more.